Updates timo (#99)
AOEpeople/techradar: radar/2022-03-28/dependency-update-scan.md

---
title:      "Dependency Update Scan"
ring:       adopt
quadrant:   methods-and-patterns
---

Tools for automated dependency updates continue to offer a big productivity gain when integrated well into the build workflow.

Nonetheless, this comes not without a word of warning.
While it's great in theory, constant updates might quickly lead to a bombardment of merge requests.
It is crucial that the chosen tools work reliably and are really well integrated. Otherwise, this might become overwhelming for teams.

> As an alternative, we also had good experience with disabled automatic merge requests and just manually triggered a job when we wanted to take care of the updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, we also had good experience with disabling automatic merge requests and just manually triggering a job when we wanted to take care of the updates.
```
